# Cello Adapter

Cello Adapter is a Java based client for working with data on Cello. Currently Cello Adapter only supports the extraction of Netlists and 
Transfer Functions (.gp files) as a part of the results used by Fluigi. 

The goal of this project is to provide an archetype for building API adapters that can retrieve and use data from Cello.

## Usage

### Steps for Fluigi

1. Create an instance of Cello passing your username and password as the parameters.
1. Use the Cello object to call the `getFluigiResults(<jobname>)` method.
1. The FluigiResults Objects that will download, parse the data generated by Cello and store them in the corresponding objects (results.ResponseFunction objects and results.BioNetList object).

## Example

```
Cello celloadapter = new Cello(username, password);
FluigiResults fluigiResults = celloadapter.getFluigiResults(inputPathName);

///Access Result Objects
BioNetList netlist = fluigiResults.getGateNetList();

```

## Extending Cello Adapter

### New Classes

1. Create a ???Results Class that encapsulates all the test results you need to use. Use FluigiResults.java as reference to see how the results are supposed to be requested.
1. Create a results.??? Class that has all the parsing logic. This class has to inherit results.Result. You can use ResponseFunction.java as a base template for understanding how you can easily parse the file by overriding the parseFile() method.

### Use the existing Architecture

By following the architecture mentioned one can avoid all the hassles of using basic authentication and file download/handling aspects. For example the Result class's constructor automatically downloads the file that has to be downloaded and by overriding the parseFile() method you will not have to worry about manually calling the parsing function at any point in your program.

### Contributing

Currently we will process all the push requests on a case by case basis and only accept push requests that extend the result parsing capabilities that the CelloAdapter Provides.

